docs/introduction.md, before:

# Introduction

PIMPIM - A PIM - A Personal information management system

In total disregard of the recommendation from CouchDB, where it is advised against using CouchDB to serve apps directly to the user. 
This project does exactly the opposite, by serving a PIM directly from the database, that in addition gets synchronized to all your other servers.

With this in mind, it's probably a good idea not to expose the database to the public. PIMPIM doesn't include any security features.

## Creating your own apps

[Bulma](https://bulma.io/) CSS framework is included.
Any apps you make may use CSS classes from Bulma for added simplicity.
It will be fetched and loaded from the PIMPIM design document by default.

## Design choices

### CSS

The choice of CSS frameworks landed on Bulma. Easy to use and customize.
[Node-sass](https://github.com/sass/node-sass) is used to customize the theme. Instructions can be found on [Bulma's website](https://bulma.io/documentation/customize/with-node-sass/).

A dark theme is on the roadmap.

### Vue Single File Components

A tough choice between Vue's sexy [Single File Components](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/single-file-components.html) (SFC) and standalone "Vue apps" was made, which landed on standalone javascript files.

There is a few drawbacks to doing it this way, like a lack of HTML syntax highlighting.

If you have an idea on how to design PIMPIM with SFC so apps can be dropped in a folder and built ad-hoc into the design document in an elegant way, let your voice be heard.

Commit message:

major redesign. added new modules. vuetify

docs/introduction.md, after:

# Introduction

PIMPIM - A PIM - A Personal information management system

A little-to-no configuration web/localhost application designed to be easily deployed onto any HTTP-server, even CouchDB's own HTTP-server.

PIMPIM doesn't include any security features. With this in mind, it's a good idea to keep an eye open on where your data travels.
Using HTTPS, enforcing database permissions and other security best practices are recommended. 

## Creating your own apps

Work in progress.

The goal is to provide a way of "dropping" apps in a sub-directory, et-voila-style.

If you have an idea on how to design PIMPIM so apps can be dropped in a folder and used ad-hoc in an elegant way, let your voice be heard.

## Design choices

### Frontend only

No backend is provided or required (except, of course, a CouchDB/PouchDB/Cloudant database).

In the future, an optional, auxilliary Python (CGI/WSGI) backend is planned to enable server-side heavy lifting like report generation, insights (machine learning), inter-system communication and such.

### UI (CSS)

The choice of UI/CSS frameworks landed on Vuetify. Feature-rich and integrates exceptionally well with Vue.

### Vue Single File Components

Vue's sexy [Single File Components](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/single-file-components.html) (SFC) provides an excellent separation of concerns and does a good job in helping reduce spaghetti code.

The drawback to SFC, some would say, is the reliance on Webpack.
The advantages one gets by utilizing Vue's entire ecosystem (Vue CLI, SFC, Router, Vuex) makes it worth it, however.
