docs/README.md, before:

---
home: true
heroImage: /pimpim-banner.png
heroText: PIMPIM
tagline: A quick and dirty Personal Information Manager
actionText: Get Started →
actionLink: /introduction/
features:
- title: Modular
  details: Create your own apps and use them alongside the included apps (or remove the ones you don't want).
- title: Synchronization
  details: Master-master-replication(synchronization) between all databases supporting CouchDB's replication protocol (I.E. Cloudant, PouchDB, Couchbase).
- title: Open source
  details: No proprietary technologies or nasty tracking.
footer: MIT Licensed | Copyright © 2020-present Christoffer Lybekk
---

## Contributions

Contributions in any form will be wildly appreciated

* Styling tips (Code,Layout,CSS)
* General Feedback
* Donations, of course

### Sponsoring

::: tip Brave Browser
<a href="https://brave.com/lyb569">
  <img src="brave-lion-logo.png" alt="Brave Browser logo" style="height: auto;width: 5vw;">
</a>

Using Chrome? Consider using a privacy oriented one, like [Brave](https://brave.com/lyb569), and sponsor this project without spending a dime.
:::

Commit message:

major redesign. added new modules. vuetify

docs/README.md, after:

---
home: true
heroImage: /pimpim-banner.png
heroText: PIMPIM
tagline: A quick and dirty Personal Information Manager ((Documentation is being rewritten due to a major revamp of PIMPIM))
actionText: Get Started →
actionLink: /introduction/
features:
- title: Modular
  details: Create your own apps and use them alongside the included apps (or remove the ones you don't want).
- title: Synchronization
  details: Master-master-replication(synchronization) between all databases supporting CouchDB's replication protocol (I.E. Cloudant, PouchDB, Couchbase).
- title: Open source
  details: No proprietary technologies or nasty tracking.
footer: MIT Licensed | Copyright © 2020-present Christoffer Lybekk
---

## Contributions

Contributions in any form will be wildly appreciated

* Styling tips (Code,Layout,CSS)
* General Feedback
* Donations, of course

### Sponsoring

::: tip Brave Browser
<a href="https://brave.com/lyb569">
  <img src="brave-lion-logo.png" alt="Brave Browser logo" style="height: auto;width: 5vw;">
</a>

Using Chrome? Consider using a privacy oriented one, like [Brave](https://brave.com/lyb569), and sponsor this project without spending a dime.
:::
